Hello, Professor! In this WS I understood a little bit more from the vector, that the last WS (WS05) wasn't clear for me, also the lambda function.
I feel more not confident but less unsure about what to do. I don't know if was the WS has fewer members function to code, but it had clear information (I recognized better what I needed to do).
To complete this WS, I searched many websites to explain more about STL, the algorithm library. I think this library is very helpful and makes the code cleaner and "short". The websites are specified in my code. After doing this WS and the MS01, I understood better the Lambda function. So, it is a "function" like member function that has a datatype output, receives parameters, that can be extern(passed by the function), class member, or structure,  and has a condition to do or not to do anything. For example the auto readFile <-- (datatype output) = [] <-- parameter receives by function (std::string& nameFile, int length) <-- parameter {evaluation expression}.
To do the loop using STL, I needed to read and see many examples to understand and how to make it. For this WS I used the for_each looping, which is similar in JS, I used any_of to find an element in an array, that matches a specific condition, and returns a boolean value, that is why I used it. Finally, I used the copy_if, to copy elements that match the condition to a new array of a vector. I had a problem to catch, not this function, but to push the elements that match the condition in a new vector of Song, I'd used the begin() to add it at the first position, but the better here was back_inserted to add the element like FIFO. I also had a problem reading the file, not because my code was "wrong" but at the end has a space and my copied doc didn't.  I'd problem to calculated the total listening time. I was dividing the second /60 to get the minutes but the result was 77 min and it is 1h and 17 minutes. That's why I changed to divide by 3,600. So, 60 min has 3,600 seconds, and then I got the correct time.
